---
title: Minfilia Diaz
tags:
  - characters
  - La Camaraderie
  - Rozenmaiden
character:
  name: Minfilia Diaz
  ddb: https://www.dndbeyond.com/characters/64414312
  image:
    url: /src/assets/characters/minfilia-diaz.jpg
    attribution:
      Lavie Head from Last Exile, by Artist Murata Range, Kadokawa Corporation
    attributionUrl: https://twitter.com/Murata_Range
  details:
    age: 16
    aliases:
      - Minstrel Hermes
    sex: Female
    pronouns: She/Her
    mortality: alive
    species: human
    sexOrgans: []
  relationships:
    organizations:
      - name: Rozenmaiden
        title: Quartermaster
      - name: La Camaraderie
        title: Member
      - name: Ejercito della Salamanca
        title: captain
      - name: Los Illustrados
        title: captain
    relatives: []
    religions:
      - name: Orthodox Divine Masochist
    families:
      - name: Hermes
---

<Stub />

**Minfilia Diaz** is a talented necromancer who had worked previously in the
Mehicanian Military as part of its magical corps, and presently, spearheads the
reorganization and renewal of the [Machado](/world/families/machado/) estate
with her fianc√© [George Machado](/world/characters/george-machado/). Originally
born male as Minstrel Hermes, she was subjected to necromantic experimepts by
renowned doctor [Iluvia Wunderplat](/world/characters/iluvia-wunderplat/), who
transferred her soul into the preserved cadaver of a 16-year-old girl. After
years of struggles with gender dysphoria as a result, she was able to fully
embrace her female identity during her time as the quartermaster in the
[Rozenmaiden](/world/vehicles/rozenmaiden/).

## Early Life

As Minstrel Hermes, she grew up in a small town in Mehicania with her loving
family. However, her yellow eyes, which were considered a mark of demonic
association, caused locals to view her with suspicion and hostility.

Her early life was marked by tragedy when her brother invited his girlfriend to
live with the family. The woman, who appeared perpetually sad and depressed,
took her own life in the brother's room. Minfilia discovered the body and
panicked, as no one else was home. Strangely, the next morning, the woman
appeared alive at breakfast, later confessing her affection for Minfilia. During
an intimate encounter, one of the woman's eyes dislodged, revealing veins and
emitting a foul odor, yet this aroused Minfilia, leading her to realize her own
unusual nature.

## Mehicanian Military

During the tail-end of the
[Poasan-Apgarian Conflict](/events/poasan-apgarian-conflict/), the Mehicanian
Military, under the supervision of the Poasan
[Thirteen](/world/organizations/the-thirteen/), started building up its magical
corps and began a nationwide search for magically-inclined individuals.

A recruitment officer saw Minfilia's yellow eyes and mentioned that it was
instead a mark of magical ability. Minfilia was immediately drafted into the
military and was assigned into the Ejercito della Salamanca (Salamanceros), the
Mehicanian Magical Corps.

Her latent necromantic abilities were recognized by one of the founders of the
country's magical corps, who had been searching for and training necromancers.
[Adelberto Leonidas](/world/characters/adelberto-leonidas/) took her under his
wing and trained her personally. Leonidas led the infamous Guerreros de los
Muertos, a special unit of necromancers within the Salamanceros.

In the final years of the conflict, Minfilia's abilities to raise the dead and
command them were put to the test. She and her contingent were deployed to the
remaining Apgarian-controlled territories in the northwest to bolster the land
forces there. They raised legions of undead from the fallen Apgarian soldiers
and used them to fight alongside the joint Mehicanian-Poasan forces. This had a
devastating effect on the morale of the Apgarian forces, who were forced to
fight against their own dead. This had a significant impact on the outcome of
the conflict, as the Apgarian forces were unable to hold onto these territories.

After the conflict, Leonidas' Guerreros de los Muertos, were officially
disbanded. The newly formed government,
[El Govierno Magocratico de la Tierra Mehicania](/world/locations/mehicania/),
under the behest of the Thirteen, viewed necromancy as not only unnatural, but
dangerous. Leonidas' influence within the Salamanceros slowly eroded, but was
able to form a secret cabal within it. This cabal formed a covert intelligence
group adjacent to, but separate from the military, with the tacit support of the
[Hermanos Nuevos](/world/organizations/hermanos-de-la-libertad/#hermanos-nuevos).
The [Los Illustrados](/world/locations/mehicania/#los-illustrados), controlled
entirely by Leonidas, was staffed by former Muerteros including Minfilia.

While working for the Los Illustrados, Minfilia was able to continue to hone her
necromantic abilities, but she was growing increasingly disillusioned with the
military, and her role within it. Leonidas was opposed to her departure, but she
had gone above him and convinced the leadership of the Salamanceros to allow her
to retire, citing her distinction during the war. She was officially allowed to
retire shortly after.

## Lady Whiskers

Minfilia wanted to leave her military life behind and begin a new one. She found
herself aboard the Lady Whiskers, a smuggling ship owned by a man named Ishmael.
She joined the crew as a quartermaster. She used her necromantic abilities to
preserve meat from rotting. This not only allowed the crew to have access to
"fresh" meat during their travels, but also to sell exotic meats between far-off
ports typically too far to be practical to transport.

Eventually, the Lady Whiskers became well-known in the region for selling
necrmantically-preserved whale meat as provisions to fellow smuggling ships.
This notoriety however, tipped off Leonidas, who was able to track Minfilia
down.

While at sea, by the shores of the[Freehold of Uyama](/world/locations/uyama/),
a contingent of Los Illustrados attacked and boarded the Lady Whiskers. Minfilia
was able to destroy the enemy vessel, but not before her crew was severely
wounded. Ishmael lost his left eye and leg in the incident, and most of the
remaining crew members feared that association with Minfilia would lead to their
death, either by her own magical abilities, or by the Los Illustrados.

Ishmael and his first-mate Lincoln, with a small handful of others, stood by
Minfilia as they sailed to [Racos Palma](/world/locations/racos-palma/) to seek
refuge. It was well-known to smugglers that Racos Palma was home to the
Wunderplat Hospital, where wanted criminals were not only healed, but for a
large fee, could have their faces altered to hide their identity from
authorities.

## Racos Palma

## Rozenmaiden and La Camaraderie

## Machado
